Add information about the creation of a logger object (#1220)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Logging/Writers/Index.rst

will be added to the configured fallback logger (which defaults to
the :ref:`PhpErrorLog <logging-writers-php>` writer).

.. _logging-writers-usage:

Usage in Custom Class
---------------------

All log writers can be used in your own classes. You can initialize the loggers in the __construct method of your class :code:`\MyDomain\MyExtension\MyFolder\MyClass`.

.. code-block:: php

    namespace MyDomain\MyExtension\MyFolder;

>     use Psr\Log\LoggerAwareTrait;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    use Psr\Log\LoggerAwareInterface;
    use Psr\Log\LoggerAwareTrait;
```

>     class MyClass {

Reviewer: You missed the `LoggerAwareInterface`.

>     class MyClass implements \Psr\Log\LoggerAwareInterface {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    class MyClass implements LoggerAwareInterface {
```

Author: already changed

        use LoggerAwareTrait;
        

>         private $logger;
> 
>         ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // ...
```

Author: I have comment it out. It shall remain as a comment. Otherwise it is had to understand what is happening here.

will be added to the configured fallback logger (which defaults to
the :ref:`PhpErrorLog <logging-writers-php>` writer).

.. _logging-writers-usage:

Usage in Custom Class
---------------------

All log writers can be used in your own classes. You can initialize the loggers in the __construct method of your class :code:`\MyDomain\MyExtension\MyFolder\MyClass`.

.. code-block:: php

    namespace MyDomain\MyExtension\MyFolder;

    use TYPO3\CMS\Core\Utility\GeneralUtility;

>     use TYPO3\CMS\Core\Log\LogManager;

Reviewer: You should not use this anymore:

https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/master/en-us/ApiOverview/Logging/Quickstart/Index.html#instantiate-a-logger-for-the-current-class

    class MyClass {
        private $logger;

        public function __construct()
        {
            $this->logger = GeneralUtility::makeInstance(LogManager::class)->getLogger(__CLASS__);
        }
    }

> The file ext_localconf.php must have the needed configuration entries for the class from above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logger can be configured via :file:`ext_localconf.php` then:
```

.. code-block:: php

>    // Add example configuration for the logging API

Reviewer: I'm not sure if it makes sense to duplicate the following page:

https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/master/en-us/ApiOverview/Logging/Configuration/Index.html

Author: The configuration example is helpful. But the configuration could also be shortened.
